document broken jdk, give some downgrade advice (#216)
Worklytics/psoxy: README.md

versions of all of the following:

  - git

>   - Java 11+ JDK variant, but not Java 19 (currently broken, see [docs/troubleshooting.md](docs/troubleshooting.md) for downgrade help)

Reviewer: I'd change the format to remark this, something like:
```suggestion
  - Java 11+ to Java 17 JDK variant.
    - **NOTE**  Java 19 not supported (currently broken, see [docs/troubleshooting.md](docs/troubleshooting.md) for downgrade help)
```
